Rapping

Yes
That is what we are doing in this lift which we are in
I'm going up to the- d-
G floor

Street Fighter
are games

Uh, which is every floor for me
'cause any floor I'm on is obviously going to be G

I've pwned more noobs than I've had hot dinners
Problem is that I took a lunch box to school
And I still didn't get no thinner
And I didn't touch the Turkey Twizzlers at all

But that's not the point of what I'm saying
The point is that I'm going to entirely decimate you
Maybe not at rapping
but I'm still a dab hand at Street Fighter II

I'm quite well-spoken trying to unleash a Hadouken
I can do many more button combos than you can
Spend your whole time button mashing and [??]
[??] Unreal, I'm thinking Duke Nukem

You chose to be Blanka, I chose to be Ken
This shows that I appreciate real men
Not in a gay way, but in a way that will display
that I'm going to defeat you again

Fumble in your pockets, get some more credit
You need another 50p 'cause you just don't get it
This has already cost you eight pounds
so we just go through round after round

Ooh look, Another K.O.
You got the gayest face in the Gay Face Show
Face it, this will never work out for you
because you're a noob and they're what I pwn

I'm sick like M. Bison, don't even try, son
I'm flyer than [Raiden?], yo why must I cry, son?
You stink like a Dyson, and not when you're Ryu
'cause everyone's really really good with Ryu

Like Chun-Li I'm really fast
I'm like [E. Honda?], I got my hand up her ass
Something about street fighter and being really good at that
which is what we are

Now a chorus

I pwn noobs
I pwn noobs
I pwn noobs
I pwn noobs

I pwn noobs (It's just like Chas & Dave)
I pwn noobs (but a lot more hip-hop)
I pwn noobs
I pwn noobs

Would you look at that? Another verse
And now, some more hip-hop words about Street Fighter

It's clear by now we're good at Street Fighter
but putting it in a song to a beat's quite a
challenge to do because our moves do pwn
No-one beats us, so we win at Street Fighter

Hey, Gishnchips, see that clown right there?
We're a Hadouken, he's just down right square
"Sonic Boom"? More like, "you're rubbish"
We're really good at Street Fighter, the ladies love it

Blanka's annoying and also a twat
He's gayer than M. Bison's purple hat
No way, how did you win by mashing buttons?
I was walking backwards, does that count for nothing?

We be stretching vaginas like Dhalsim's legs
We set ninjas on fire like Akuma's head
We've had more sex than Zangief's had beers
We're better than Chun-Li because we're men

Dead or Alive might have digital boobies
but Street Fighter's a hunting ground for killing newbies
Mortal Kombat? More like, "scrotal bum flaps"
Tekken's appealing to total knob-twats

Virtua Fighter is really really really really really
really really really bad

Street Fighter is not as good as Sanity Valve
but what is? Except Sanity Valve
If we were a game, we'd be Street Fighter
We'd smite a noob, we'd eat bison

We can kick E. Honda all the way over yonder
Dhalsim's got long legs, our willies are longer
We like Street Fighter, just so you know
In the film, someone got pwned by Kylie Minogue

Woo!

I pwn noobs
I pwn noobs
I pwn noobs
I pwn noobs

Yay! Violent hoedown!
The ho took a spade to my face so I kicked her in the head
Not really
I'm just referring to the style of Cockney music

Oh, now there's another chorus! This is bloody brilliant
(We're really good at Street Fighter, and don't you forget it)
I can't forget it, it's all saved on my memory card
All- all my records of being really fucking brilliant
(You're never gonna be able to beat us, you piss)

At rapping or Street Fighter
(I don't know what that means)
What, you- y- you don't know what rap-
(You bastards)
Di- what? You should get out of my band, I dislike you as a person
(Hmm, I clearly have a lot of anger issues to sort out)
You have face issues to sort out, you... sponge

(Sanity Valve are basically the best)
Skroyouken!
