GISHNCHIPS used KILL!
It was super effective!

Mos Prob, some obviously obnoxious nob
with hangdog features and a penchant for sausage dogs
I mean maybe it's just me, but it seems to be
that that shit just ain't G

Like Cuthbert Lilly you're dead
Silly! Singing about the size of your willy
Give me twelve reasons why I shouldn't kill you now
'cause I'm illing and you smell, so I'll kill you now

You garish prat, trying to get lairy back
your low-slung jeans showing your hairy crack
that shit's scary, man, don't hold it down
pull it up, bouncing 'round town like a clown

You're just some jew that ate some poo
ain't got no crew, I hate you
with your lame shoes, shit hat, and chin strap
'Look, I can grow a beard!'
No-one cares, you thick twat

A wild Gisnchips appeared!
It looked horrible and smelt slightly of gone-off yoghurt
MOS PROB used WORDS!
Critical hit! And a commercial hit!
Fuck Gishnchips

Gishnchips, a little bit like Milhouse on some Simpsons shit
picking on the skinny bitches like kicking the shit out of a little kid
pissing on his chin and pinching his last remaining bit of Twix
abducting his mother then fucking her until her kidneys split

There's no question who's got the biggest dick
it's like comparing a Twiglet to an entire trans-Atlantic fishing ship
Stick both thumbs up your arse that you've been fiddling for the years
that you patiently waited to smell fish on a girl's clitoris

You never update the Twitter, Gish, you fucking queef
and your ironic love for Justin Bieber isn't ironic, you just love Justin Bieber
I must proceed, you lack both a cock and a nob
and enunciate like Forrest Gump mixed with Jonathan Ross

Yeah, you're right, I've lost a few battles, that is true
what do you expect, when my only handicap is you?
I'm pulling out my rifle and I'm targeting your spleen
you freestyle like a fucking eighties answering machine

You know what, Mos Prob?
Do you know what?
Do you?
Do you know what, Mos Prob?
Do you?
I'm not impressed

Rapping chit-chat, you spit small talk
I spit big issues, and fuck your mum 'til she can't walk and can't talk
throat full of congealed jizz
I'm on real shit, you're just really shit

Mos Prob's got less nob than Gish
he gets off on kids, lets them rub on his dick
paedo, we know what you did last week
you can't touch kids and hope we won't notice, G

You enter Don't Flop but just don't win
your lines are shit, like your Buddha is broken ting
wack flows, fat nose, my gat goes blap blap blap
and down this twat goes

I've got far more bars than a prison
and I'd know, 'cause I've done loads of killing
the only things that you kill are jokes
ruining punchlines with infinite chokes
give it up, yo

I'm telling it true
I'm rhyming it well
I'm sounding it nice
I'm repping it hard
I'm rapping it brilliantly
I'm talking it loudly
I'm saying things lots
Fuck you

My surname's Felman, you just felt men
you don't spit Big Issues, you just fucking sell them
You're totally fucking stupid G, fantastic rap career
good going, your only crew is me

My glasses are cooler than yours, your penis is smaller, of course
when you re-enact Brokeback Mountain I hope you fall off your horse
I mean it, you're shit, it doesn't even feel fair
looks like Steven Hawking got bored and got out of his wheelchair

Won't leave you with your head intact, I'd say do some better raps
but it's my fault, 'cause I wrote everything you ever spat
you're a pubically undeveloped twat
why are you always angry, and who the fuck are you yelling at?

You're only excellent at failing at getting gash
wetting your pants, wearing yellow hats, and consistently smelling bad
I remember you always wore faggot clothes, you lacked the jokes, had the wackest flows
only contribution: massive 'fro

You straightened that, it's flattened though
you no longer need an afro comb, you now just do it like a spastic bloke
so, umm
kill yourself
