G:: Gee, wizzo, do I love Monopoly
especially the part where I get to be an iron, or a dog
and I get to buy Old Kent Fucking Road for sixty fucking quid
that's well good, that bit
Ooh, is that my phone? I'd better answer it!

B:: Raising money for puppies and kittens
and turtles and badgers and puppies!
Raising money for puppies and kittens
and gophers and puffins and puppies!

G:: Hello?
  M:: Hello, is this Mister Nchips?
G:: Yes, probably, you're interrupting Monopoly
I'm buying shit like a proper G
acquiring properties, dipping chocolate in a pot of tea
you just pulled up on Mayfair, bitch, fuck you want from me?

M:: Well, I'm calling on behalf of Sad Puppies Relief
G:: Take money from me? You'll get punched in the teeth!
M:: But we need funding to keep feeding the fluffy and weak
puppies to eat muffins and beef for their lunch and their tea

G:: I was in through no fault of my own
this office crone cried, you could almost smell the salty tears down the phone
M:: I'm calling to let you know that all puppies are hurt
and this call may be monitored for, like, training purposes

M:: What do you know about puppies?
  G:: Well, they're fluffy and cute
and when I'm out of rival gangs, well they're something to shoot
M:: Erm… what?
G:: Nah, I'm just fucking with yous. I don't condone drugs, violence, or puppy abuse
B:: Puppy abuse!
Puppy abuse!

B:: Raising money for puppies and kittens
and turtles and badgers and puppies!
Raising money for puppies and kittens
and gophers and puffins and puppies!

M:: But they need cuddles to use!
  G:: But I don't get it
I think puggles are cute, but they don't need a direct debit
M:: But, if you don't, well, then you might live to regret it
sure they don't need money when they're all particularly deaded

M:: I'm definitely the best when I rhyme
puppies cry using their eyes twelve thousand percent of the time
G:: You're the best friend- wait, where are you calling from, and why?
M:: I'm calling from the RSGGG in Your Mumbai

G:: A- The RSG- wait, how much do you need?
M:: Well, seeing how there's so many dead puppies to feed
and all animals will be dead eventually
A tenner?
  G:: No.
  M:: A fiver?
  G:: No!
  M:: Umm… 70p?

G:: Hang on, this… no, no this is unfeasible
it's unreasonable to think this will save any puppies at all
at least it's all… Mos Prob, what the fuck are you doing?
M:: I'm calling from a really call centre?

G:: No you're not, you're standing next to me
M:: I thought we'd built up rapport, don't be like this-
G:: Turn around
M:: …I really want a flapjack
G:: You know what? Fuck your flapjacks
Fuck your flapjacks, just fuck the fuck off, Mos Prob, okay?
M:: Okay

M:: Raising money for puppies and kittens
and turt- tles…

M:: You don't believe that I'm calling from on the phone, do you?
G:: No
M:: How about if I put my phone, like, on the other ear?
G:: No
M:: Or, if I like, if I go, like, at a jaunty angle?
G:: No
M:: And pastry! Err… umm…
can I have 70p?
G:: What, for a flapjack?
M:: A flap- a whole flapjack
G:: Yeah, alright then
M:: Can you get it for me?
